Refactor short summaries (#9)
scientific-python/scientific-python-archive: presentations/proposed/scipy2022/maintainers/proposal.md

## Short Summary

> The Scientific Python project aims to better coordinate the ecosystem and grow the community.
> This talk focuses on our efforts to better coordinate the ecosystem.
> Come hear how behind the scenes, core scientific projects have started coordinating to better unify the community.
> Learn more about the goals of this unification effort, opportunities that
> exist, and, most importantly, how to join the adventure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scientific Python project aims to better coordinate the ecosystem and grow the community.
This talk focuses on our efforts to better coordinate project development, and to improve shared infrastructure.
Come hear about our goals, our recent technical work, and learn how you can get involved!
```

Author: Pamphile T. Roy
Keywords: Scientific Python, Community
Type:  Talk

> corresponding author
> 
> ### Author 2

Reviewer 2: Then I would do this as well. Also not sure what this char means `†`.

If you have personal websites, we can also add these.

```suggestion
corresponding author

### Author 1

First name†: Pamphile T.
Last name: Roy
Email: roy.pamphile@gmail.com 	
Country/region: Austria
Organization: Quansight

### Author 2
```
